hi I'm Paul Cooper the writer and host
of the fall of civilizations podcast and
YouTube channel and more recently the
writer of this book fall of
civilizations stories of greatness and
decline this book follows the journey
we've been on over the last 5 years of
my show as we attempt to tell the story
of human history through the lens of
societal collapse and argues that it as
much a part of us as any exalted epic or
grand
Monument I've been completely blown away
by the response to this book on YouTube
and I just wanted to thank everybody for
your huge
response the book seller West End Lane
books in London are a small independent
Bookshop but they've been absolutely
Blown Away by the volume of pre-orders
going through them to say thank you to
the first thousand pre-orders we're
offering this limited edition sprayed
Edge design with the crack going along
the edges in quite a cool way and of
course it will be signed by
me I'd like to thank everyone for being
there through the years for all your
amazing comments for your support and
encouragement uh and for pre-ordering so
many copies of this
book if you can it would be great to
continue ordering from West End Lane
books who are just a great independent
book shop uh and have my full support
thank you to everyone on YouTube and I
hope you enjoy the book